Let's talk a little bit about what
I just mentioned, which is aliases
which will take a little bit of
the tediousness out of this as well.
So if I go over to this one,
we can go back and look at aliases.
Aliases basically give you a way to say,
I wanna give this thing a name,
so I can refer to it later.
Effectively, giving us a way to get
the basic idea of a variable, but
something that works with
the program model in Cyprus.
Now, what I should mention is,
mocha has the ability to put any
value you want on this, right?
So before each you can say this
dot whatever equals a value and
you can reference it wherever you want.
That works, right?
There is a caveat, which it doesn't
work with arrow functions because arrow
functions are lexically scoped.
Which means you don't have
access to this or it's own this.
So if you want to write just
regular function declarations,
rather than arrow functions,
you can just say this dot a value and
get access to it as well.
But if you like to use arrow functions, or
somebody in your team like to use arrow
functions, or maybe just the ES lint
configuration, that was installed by
whatever framework prefers to use arrow
functions, this is another way to do it.
I personally also like this one more.
So I'm not gonna kinda oversell it,
but unpacked and
packed items were things that we
were kinda doing fairly frequently.
Like, is this on the unpacked item list?
Is it on the packed item list,
so on and so forth.
You can see that anytime I have
a value in that Cypress chain,
I can use the as method, right?
I say as and I give it a name, right?
Now, Cyprus is holding onto it.
So if you look right here,
you can see that now if I get, and
I put an at symbol before it, it will
get that value that I stored, right?
So storing these selections and variables
will not work with the programming model,
but we can basically label those values
and effectively store them on an object.
In this case of this and
get access to them later.
One of the things I will point out even
though we're not totally there yet,
is that this works for selectors.
It also works for when you're mocking and
stubbing network requests and
a few other places as well, right?
So you can be like, hey,
here's the stub that I have made for
this API call, you might want to be
able to use it somewhere as well.
You would give it an alias, and
then you can reference it using side
I get with that at symbol, and
it will work in this case, right?
So you're gonna have an example
where it's gonna hold on to it.
One of the things you saw before,
we went through the each block,
and we called the .text method
on the jQuery object, right?
But then we lost all that
Cypress chaining ability.
So we had to like wrap stuff, and that
was weird and it felt a little bit wrong.
The other option you have is invoke,
which we'll call a method
on the underlying object.
So instead of doing list item
.text you can say invoke text and
we'll call that method but still put,
basically wraps it again for you, right?
Before we wrapped it ourselves invoke will
call the method take as return value wrap
it so you can continue chaining.
So here we're saying like, hey go get
the first item I wish is apparently
on unpacked items find the label, find the
first one, alias it first items, right?
Now we can call it at first
item will get its actual text,
not the actual jQuery element,
will store that as a value called text.
Or you find the checkbox of
that first item and click it.
So in this case, we can kinda go ahead and
basically get the value,
wrap it and
continue everywhere in the chain.
The other one that we'll see a little
bit later is invoke works for methods.
But sometimes you have
an object that has properties,
there's another one called ITs.
So just to kinda put that like
mental bookmark in there,
invoke is if you wanna call a method and
continue the chain.
It's as if you just wanna get
a particular property off that object and
continue the chain, right?
So for instance, requests and
responses, maybe I just want the body.
So it'd be like, get the request its body,
and then I wanna make
a bunch of assertions on the request body
of the response body, so on and so forth.
I'd use these methods as well.